Update sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing.md (#4213)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish-task-pane-and-content-add-ins-to-an-add-in-catalog.md

1. Open the online Office application (Excel, PowerPoint, or Word).
1. Create or open a document.
1. Select **Home** > **Add-ins**, then select **Get Add-ins**.

> 1. In the Office Add-ins dialog, choose the **MY ORGANIZATION** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Office Add-ins dialog, choose the **ADMIN MANAGED** tab.

```

    Specify just the URL of the parent site collection:
    - `https://<domain>/sites/<AddinCatalogSiteCollection>`
1. Close and reopen the Office application.
1. Select **Home** > **Add-ins**, then select **Get Add-ins**.

> 1. In the Office Add-ins dialog, choose the **MY ORGANIZATION** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Office Add-ins dialog, choose the **ADMIN MANAGED** tab.
```
